cyborgs walk the streets cars fly
between skyscrapers
nano computers are embedded in people's
brains
and the human body is almost
invulnerable
the future has arrived but not only
thanks to advanced technology
music is also helped as well the cyber
era came about very quickly
thanks to a crazy and fearless rock
musician
who turned his bones into metal
by 2040 doctors have already learned to
make complex changes to people's bodies
but no one has dared to replace an
entire skeleton with metal
they're afraid even to try metal is an
alien substance
and people assume the patient's body
would just reject it
the world needs someone who has enough
courage to try
meet mel medal the lead singer of the
world famous metal band
iron heart he lost his popularity many
years ago
no one listens to rock music in 2040. so
mel wants to do something so unusual
that the world will remember him forever
one evening he comes up with an idea
that he should become a metal guitarist
literally mel withdraws all his savings
from his bank accounts
and takes the cash to a medical clinic
the doctor suggests making him a
skeleton out of carbon fiber
the material is much stronger lighter
and blah blah blah
that sounds boring mel says he wants the
skeleton to be made from titanium
why because it sounds awesome but also
because it's very strong and light
and doesn't rust by the way titanium is
also used today
to make artificial limbs as well as
special plates that replace bones
it's non-toxic and doesn't have any
chemical reactions with organic tissues
the process will take a lot of work
though before the operation
mel needs to improve his immune system
so that his body will accept the new
skeleton
daily runs proper nutrition lots of
vitamins
all this is an ordeal for an aging rock
star
after two months mel is ready for
surgery
titanium has much greater density than
bone
if they create an exact metal copy of
his skeleton
then now we'll find it really difficult
to move because his skeleton will be
much heavier
so the metal bones are going to be
created out of tubes
made from thin layers of metal that way
the weight will be the same as mel
skeleton
mel's entire body is scanned to recreate
an exact model of his skeleton on a
computer
then the doctors create 206 exact copies
of all his bones with a 3d printer all
made from titanium
mel lies down on the operating table
receives a big anesthetic
and passes out the most difficult part
of the operation
is not replacing the bones but the
spinal cord transplant
the metal skeleton uses receptors that
connect up to the spinal cord
and create a link between the brain and
the human body
each metal bone is covered with
artificial organic tissue
so that the muscles and cartilage can be
joined to the metal
the doctors begin replacing one bone
with another
one at a time replacing just one bone is
an operation in itself
they perform the 206 operations over an
entire month
that's about seven operations per day
during this time
mel is kept alive with nutrients through
a tube in his stomach
finally the operation is over and it's a
complete success
three hours later mel wakes up and feels
full of energy he can't wait to test out
his new skeleton
so straight away he hits the wall with
his fist as hard as he can
but nothing out of the ordinary happens
mel still feels real pain
because his nerve endings are the same
the wall doesn't take any damage
because the actual weight of his bones
hasn't changed at all
although if mel hit it that hard with
his old hand
the regular bones would probably have
been broken
and this is the coolest thing about
mel's new titanium skeleton
his bones are basically invulnerable
fractures are much less likely
the most damage he can experience is if
his bones become
bent but the doctors would be able to
bend them back into shape easily enough
when mel realizes all this he has the
idea of jumping to the ground from a
high altitude
like a superhero luckily though the
doctors remind him
that his muscles and ligaments are just
the same as before and
he could be seriously injured
the first days after the operation mel
takes some time to get used to his new
skeleton
it's become a little difficult to move
because titanium isn't as flexible or
elastic as natural bone
metal bones experience about one and a
half times greater stress
than ordinary ones but the titanium is
five times stronger
so the increased load isn't a problem
for it although
normal bones can recover from fractures
whereas metal bones can't
if mel has a really bad accident he'll
need to spend a lot of money to get his
new bones fixed
as the days pass mel gradually gets used
to his new skeleton
and even writes a new album he begins to
notice unusual changes to his body
it becomes stronger heartier faster
his brain works better his reactions
have become quicker
in fact all of his senses have improved
an ordinary person's skeleton gets a lot
of vitamins and minerals to help it
function
but mel's new skeleton doesn't need any
of that stuff
so all these useful substances go to
different parts of his body
mel's brain and muscles are getting an
extra supply of vitamins
he'll probably live longer without much
training mel can now run a long marathon
or swim
several miles but sports records don't
interest him
mel has always loved creativity and art
he's a rock star after all
mel has always played his guitar a lot
but he doesn't like using a guitar pick
instead he plays with his fingers over
time the nerve endings in his fingers
became damaged
but that was before he got a metal
skeleton
now he plays his guitar so hard that the
strings can't withstand it
and often snap with all that strength he
could probably be a superhero
but mel just wants to be the greatest
metal star of all time
and because he now has a metal skull mel
is able to perceive music better
and feel the vibration of sound waves
three months after the operation
he records a brilliant album that
conquers all the music charts
he and his band set off on a world tour
and now
one of mel's biggest problems is getting
through the metal detectors at airports
mel often has to take off most of his
clothes just to prove he's not carrying
anything
at his first concert as a metal rock
star mel now puts on
an incredible show the fans scream with
delight
like a real rock star mel decides to do
something mad
breaking guitars has always been very
rock and roll
but mel takes things even further his
teeth are now made of titanium one of
the strongest metals on the planet
mel bites off a piece of his guitar
chews it and spits it out
piece by piece he chews up his
instrument
the fans are shocked but they love it
clouds gather over the stadium and a
thunderstorm begins to pour down
mel's playing the most difficult part of
a song on a new guitar
and right at that moment he's struck by
lightning
everyone stands still shocked the smoke
clears
melts lying on the stage everyone is
scared
but then after a few seconds mel lifts
his arm
sure he got slightly burned but he's
alive and full of energy
titanium doesn't conduct electricity
very much so the charge
didn't do much damage mel's comeback
concert changes
everything the recording of it goes
viral
lots of people now decide to get metal
skeletons
because of the competition among medical
companies prices for the operation go
down
lots of people are now living longer
people have fewer injuries and get sick
less often many choose to cover their
muscles with metal fibers with the help
of nanotechnology
thanks to this ordinary people have
become superhuman
they can punch through walls with their
fists jump from really high up
without hurting themselves and even lift
cars
soon enough people learn to combine
their metal skeletons with digital
technology
now the cyber era has truly begun